feat: Component States #457 (#559)
morfeojs/morfeo: docs/docs/ThemeSpecification/components.mdx

| componentName, variant | `It depends on the theme configuration` | `{ componentName: 'Button', variant: 'outlined' }` | `It depends on the theme configuration` |
| componentName, state | `It depends on the theme configuration` | `{ componentName: 'Button', state: 'danger' }` | `It depends on the theme configuration` |
| componentName, variant, state | `It depends on the theme configuration` | `{ componentName: 'Button', variant: 'outlined', state: 'danger' }` | `It depends on the theme configuration` |

The previous example will generate the styles:

```typescript
const style = morfeo.resolve({ componentName: 'Button' });
/*
 {
    borderRadius: '16px',
    backgroundColor: '#06f',
    color: '#ffffff',
 }
*/

const styleWithVariant = morfeo.resolve({ componentName: 'Button', variant: 'outlined' });
/*
 {
    borderRadius: '16px',
    backgroundColor: 'unset',
    color: '#ffffff',
    borderColor: '#06f',
    borderWidth: '1px'
    color: '#000',
 }
*/

const styleWithState = morfeo.resolve({ componentName: 'Button', state: 'danger' });
/*
 {
    borderRadius: '16px',
    backgroundColor: 'orange',
    color: '#ffffff',
 }
*/

> const styleWithVariantAndState = morfeo.resolve({ componentName: 'Button', variant: 'outlined', state: '' });

Reviewer: Here you're missing the state:
```suggestion
const styleWithVariantAndState = morfeo.resolve({ componentName: 'Button', variant: 'outlined', state: 'danger' });
```

          "borderWidth": "1px",
          "color": "text",
        },
        "states": {
          "danger": {
            "borderColor": "danger"
          }
        }
      },
    },
  },
};
```

for the given definition `{ component: 'Button', state: 'danger' }` will return this style:

```json
 {
    "corner": "m",
    "bg": "danger",
    "color": "invertedteTextColor",
 }
```

Where:

- `corner` and `color` comes from the parent
- `bg` comes from the state and override the default value (was 'primary', now is 'orange')

for the given definition `{ component: 'Button', variant: 'outlined', state: 'danger' }` will return this style:

```json
 {
    "corner": "m",
    "bg": "unset",
    "color": "text",
    "borderWidth": "1px",
    "borderColor": "danger",
 }
```

Where:

- `corner` comes from the base component style
- `bg`, `color` and `borderWidth` comes from the variant style and override the default values
- `borderColor` comes from the danger state, declared at the variant level

As you can see, the `danger` style, declared at the component root level, is ignored when the `variant` is declared 

Common use cases for the state of a component could be:

> - States of Buttons or an Input, for example `success`, `danger`, `warning`, `disabled` and so on...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
States of Buttons or Inputs, for example, `success`, `danger`, `warning`, or `disabled`.
```
